# Sean Poon - Project Portfolio Page

## Project: Bobotype

### Overview
Bobotype is a typing test application that helps users improve their typing speed and accuracy. 
It provides a user-friendly interface for practicing typing with various difficulty levels and text lengths. 
The application also tracks the user's progress and provides feedback on their performance.

### Summary of Contributions
- Code Contributed: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=sean2110&breakdown=true)

- New Feature: Added highscore feature to track the user's best score.
  - What it does: allows users to view their best score for different difficulty levels and text lengths in normal mode.
  - Justification: This feature enhances the user experience by providing motivation and a sense of achievement.
  - Highlights: Implemented a new classes `State` and `Storage` to manage and display the high score. The storage class 
  is set up so that the highscore can be saved onto a file and be easily retrieved when the program is run again. 
  The state class is made to keep track of the current state of the program, including the current high score. It will 
  update the high score whenever the user achieves a new high score.

- New Feature: Added a highscore list feature to track the user's best scores.
  - What it does: allows users to view their top 3 scores for different difficulty levels and text lengths
in normal mode.
  - Justification: This feature enhances the user experience by providing motivation and a sense of achievement.
  - Highlights: Enhances classes `State` and `Storage` to manage and display the high scores. The list is able to
  sort the scores in order of highest to lowest, and display the top 3 scores. To improve on the previously mentioned 
  highscore, `State` class is modified to keep track of the current high score list. 
  It will take in all the high scores and sort them in order of highest to lowest, and only keep the top 3 scores. 
  Then, the method `getHighScore()` will get the top score in the list. The `Storage` class now keeps track of the 
  list of highscores and saves it into a file. It updates everytime the user is in normal mode.

- Previous Feature: Selecting a text to show on the screen
  - What it does: allows users to select a text to practice typing.
  - Justification: This feature enhances the user experience by providing a more personalized typing practice.
  - Highlights: Implemented a new class `SampleTextReader` to manage and display the text. 
  The class is set up so that the user can choose the difficulty of the text. The text is in an array with all the 
  sample text of varying difficulty. The `getRandomNum()` method is used to generate a random number to select the text.
  The sample text is then displayed on the screen for the user to practice typing.

  - Contributions to the UG: 
  - Added the `introduction`, `saving data`, `exiting the program`.
  - Drafted the features for `normal`, `timelimit`, `zen` modes, `difficulty` levels, `commands page`.
  - Added documentation for the new `highscore` feature 
  - Added documentation for the new `highscorelist` feature.
  - Added documentation for the implementation of `custom` mode.

- Contributions to the DG:
  - Added the `introduction`, `saving data`, `exiting the program`.
  - Added documentation for the new `highscore` feature 
  - Added documentation for the new `highscorelist` feature.
  - Added documentation for the implementation of `custom` mode.
  - Added documentation for the Storage.
  
- Contributions to team-based tasks:
  - Added the Jar file for release v1.0

- Review/mentoring contributions:
  - Commented on the following PRs:
    - [`#29`](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F13-2/tp/pull/29/files)
    - [`#74`](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F13-2/tp/pull/74)
    - [`#78`](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F13-2/tp/pull/78)



